bye
ha
alright guys finally got my ps4
switching to ps4 cuz of call of duty I
liked Xbox man I really did I just got
on PlayStation I guess it can be a good
console about the interface or the
dashboard is really bad for me but I had
a whole bunch of footage from a time
lapse like I set my camera up over there
and it was like a time lapse of me
setting it up and everything it was
going to be really cool in my head but
it it recorded it long ways with my
phone for some reason that really pissed
me off but uh make sure you leave like
if you enjoyed this like my first like
for blog no gameplay no gameplay at all
but if you guys enjoyed make sure you
like comment below tell me if you like
these videos or not if you do i might do
somewhere but I not obviously stick cod
beta coming out in a few weeks for black
ops 3 and thanks for watching selecting
does peace